Update cross-compiling.md (#117)
fyne-io/developer.fyne.io: started/cross-compiling.md

#### Installation

> For Go installtions above Go.16 you can use this command:

Reviewer: You can install `fyne-cross` using the following command (requires Go 1.16 or later):

```
go install github.com/fyne-io/fyne-cross@latest
```

> For Go installations below Go 1.16, you can use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For earlier versions of Go, you need to use the following command instead:
```

```

> go get  github.com/fyne-io/fyne-cross

Reviewer: It looks like a second space slipped in:
```suggestion
go get github.com/fyne-io/fyne-cross
```
